README.md, before:

# Monte Carlo Simulation

## References

1. [Monte Carlo Simulation and Python 1 - Intro](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9M_KPXwnrlE)
2. [Monte Carlo Simulation and Python 2 - Dice Function](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R5RoWfG7SLE)
3. [Monte Carlo Simulation and Python 3 - Simple Bettor Creation](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1TgOQvZ88hw)
4. [Monte Carlo Simulation and Python 4 - Plotting with Matplotlib](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jeVZP5vgEC4)
5. [Monte Carlo Simulation and Python 5 - Martingale Strategy](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ApGBEOK-jng)
6. [Monte Carlo Simulation and Python 6 - Bettor Statistics](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nrkT06sVojE)
7. [Monte Carlo Simulation and Python 7 - More comparison](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S0MNZIp6b4g)
8. [Monte Carlo Simulation and Python 8 - Graphing Results](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EIAa-wVazf0)
9. [Monte Carlo Simulation and Python 9 Fixing Debt Issues](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zJah4cVDNfs)
10. [Monte Carlo Simulation and Python 10 -Analyzing some results](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3vDLkSqZYhs)
11. [Monte Carlo Simulation and Python 11 - Using Monte Carlo to find best multiple](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=48QPYiI1iXo)
12. [Monte Carlo Simulation and Python 13 - D'Alembert Strategy](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w43uNAaF1hU)

Commit message:

Monte Carlo Simulation and Python 16 - Comparing profitability

README.md, after:

# Monte Carlo Simulation

## References

1. [Monte Carlo Simulation and Python 1 - Intro](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9M_KPXwnrlE)
2. [Monte Carlo Simulation and Python 2 - Dice Function](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R5RoWfG7SLE)
3. [Monte Carlo Simulation and Python 3 - Simple Bettor Creation](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1TgOQvZ88hw)
4. [Monte Carlo Simulation and Python 4 - Plotting with Matplotlib](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jeVZP5vgEC4)
5. [Monte Carlo Simulation and Python 5 - Martingale Strategy](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ApGBEOK-jng)
6. [Monte Carlo Simulation and Python 6 - Bettor Statistics](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nrkT06sVojE)
7. [Monte Carlo Simulation and Python 7 - More comparison](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S0MNZIp6b4g)
8. [Monte Carlo Simulation and Python 8 - Graphing Results](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EIAa-wVazf0)
9. [Monte Carlo Simulation and Python 9 Fixing Debt Issues](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zJah4cVDNfs)
10. [Monte Carlo Simulation and Python 10 -Analyzing some results](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3vDLkSqZYhs)
11. [Monte Carlo Simulation and Python 11 - Using Monte Carlo to find best multiple](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=48QPYiI1iXo)
12. [Monte Carlo Simulation and Python 12 - Checking Results](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6j75vtiQsYU)
13. [Monte Carlo Simulation and Python 13 - D'Alembert Strategy](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w43uNAaF1hU)
14. [Monte Carlo Simulation and Python 14 - 50/50 odds](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QGu5hUarTik)
15. [Monte Carlo Simulation and Python 15 - Analysis of D'Alembert](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SwSvVv0IO2E)
16. [Monte Carlo Simulation and Python 16 - Comparing profitability](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u9mgSk9-IOY)
